bursaries and scholarships page updates (#4078)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/funding-and-support/scholarships-and-bursaries.md

---

> title: "Teacher training bursaries and scholarships"

Reviewer: I think this is too long - by the time we have appended ` | Get Into Teaching GOV.UK`, the end of the title will be truncated in search results. It's more important to talk about bursaries as that is by far the bigger search term, plus we don't want to truncate GOV.UK as that offers reassurance

Reviewer 2: Will change

    - Grants
    - Financial Support

>     - Undergraduate

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Undergraduate
    - Postgraduate
```

> ---

Reviewer: Line 6: might be worth adding in `postgraduate` to the meta description now that you've removed undergraduate and veteran bursaries from this page?

> ---

Reviewer: Line 3 (heading): Would it be worth making the h1 this clearer - eg `Bursaries and scholarships for postgraduate training`? (although this is very long!)

We should keep the title as is for SEO though

Reviewer 2: Agree - @jenhadfield-dfe would you be able to help make this change until I get access to codespaces again pls? It's not letting me add a suggestion through github.

> ## Eligibility for bursaries

Reviewer: Currently we say `You must be eligible for student finance to receive a bursary or scholarship (unless you’re training to teach physics or languages).`

Is this no longer the case? Worth checking with policy

> ## Eligibility for bursaries

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Eligibility for bursaries

You must be eligible for student finance to receive a bursary or scholarship (unless you’re training to teach physics or languages).
```

## Eligibility for scholarships

You must be eligible for student finance to receive a scholarship (unless you’re training to teach physics or languages). You’ll also need at least one of the following:

* a bachelor’s degree class 2:1 (honours) or higher
* a master’s degree
* a PhD

If you achieved a 2:2 in your degree, you may still be eligible. You would need to show you have enough relevant experience and subject knowledge. 

Scholarships are awarded by independent organisations which set their own assessment requirements.

Scholarships offer more than just financial benefits. For example, they can provide professional body membership, subject-specific support, mentoring, events and classroom resources. 

### How scholarships are paid

A scholarship is paid over a minimum of 10 months by your teacher training provider across the duration of your course. They will confirm when you will get the payments. 

You will not need to pay tax or National Insurance on scholarship payments. 

### How to apply for a scholarship

> You need to apply directly to the scholarship provider via their website. They will confirm if you meet their eligibility requirements. Each scholarship provider sets their own application deadline, which you can find on their website:

Reviewer: very minor - I wonder if this para needs tweaking slightly

at the moment, it feels a little the main reason you'd look at the provider websites is to find out application deadlines, as that is when the bullets kick in

in reality, they have more information about the scholarships, the criteria, the application process as well as the deadline?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You need to apply directly to the scholarship provider. Each provider sets their own application deadline and will confirm if you meet their eligibility requirements. You can find on about how to apply, deadlines and more details about each scholarship on the scholarship providers' websites:
```

    - Military
---

## Bursaries

You do not need to apply for a bursary. If you’re eligible, you’ll automatically receive it.

> #### Eligibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Eligibility for a bursary
```
Currently there are two identical h4s on the page which is not good for screen reader users

If your course combines 2 subjects (for example, English and history), at least 50% of your course content must be made up of the bursary subject to be eligible.

> #### How bursaries are paid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How bursaries are paid
```
Skipped heading level
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f007d564-1455-4254-8395-02f6e2657f72)

> A bursary is paid over a minimum of 10 months by your teacher training provider. They will confirm when you will get the payments. 

Reviewer: Previously we said `over the duration of your course`. I know that we can't be really definitive as this depends on the provider but we are now not giving any indication of when the payments will be? Worth asking policy if we can be more detailed?

As it is written currently, I might not be certain that I'd be paid during my course - could be after!

You will not need to pay tax or National Insurance on bursary payments. 

> #### How to get a bursary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to get a bursary
```
Skipped heading level
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3f052c41-d4ae-4718-94b5-eec736275daf)

You do not need to apply for a bursary. When you apply for teacher training, your provider will check if you're eligible for a bursary. If you are, your provider will confirm this in writing before you start your course. 

> ## Eligibility for scholarships

Reviewer: Currently we say `You must be eligible for student finance to receive a bursary or scholarship (unless you’re training to teach physics or languages).`

Is this no longer the case?

To be eligible for a scholarship, you’ll need at least one of the following:

* a bachelor’s degree class 2:1 (honours) or higher
* a master’s degree
* a PhD

If you achieved a 2:2 in your degree, you may still be eligible. You would need to show you have enough relevant experience and subject knowledge. 

> As scholarships are awarded by independent organisations, they set their own assessment requirements and application deadlines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scholarships are awarded by independent organisations which set their own assessment requirements.
```

The wording as is feels a bit odd - it is almost as the `they` relates to the scholarships rather than the organisations?

But reword/disagree as needed!

Also think it is probably worth moving the bit about application deadlines to the How to apply section (we know from previous UR that this is a key bit of information)?

They offer more than just financial benefits. For example, they can provide professional body membership, subject-specific support, mentoring, events and classroom resources. 

> #### How scholarships are paid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How scholarships are paid
```
Skipped heading level
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/64db3592-94cb-4d22-ad4f-fc5deb16a793)

> A scholarship is paid over a minimum of 10 months by your teacher training provider. They will confirm when you will get the payments. 

Reviewer: Previously we said `over the duration of your course`. I know that we can't be really definitive as this depends on the provider but we are now not giving any indication of when the payments will be? Worth asking policy if we can be more detailed?

As it is written currently, I might not be certain that I'd be paid during my course - could be after!

You will not need to pay tax or National Insurance on scholarship payments. 

> #### How to apply for a scholarship

Reviewer: As in previous comment, I think it is worth saying something about application deadlines in this section

For reference, in production we say `Each scholarship body will have its own deadline for applications. You can find these on their individual websites.`

(we don't have to repeat this)

> #### How to apply for a scholarship

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to apply for a scholarship
```
Skipped heading level
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9cceb8b7-2983-4789-93a6-9a5da04c76da)

| **Geography**                                                         | $bursaries_postgraduate_geography$  |                  |
| **Languages**<br/> (French, German and Spanish only)                  | $bursaries_postgraduate_languagesfrenchgermanspanish$  | $scholarships_languagesfrenchgermanspanish$      |
| **Languages**<br/> (all other languages, including ancient languages) | $bursaries_postgraduate_languagesother$  |                  |
| **Maths**                                                             | $bursaries_postgraduate_maths$  | $scholarships_maths$         |
| **Music**                                                             | $bursaries_postgraduate_music$  |                  |
| **Physics**                                                           | $bursaries_postgraduate_physics$  | $scholarships_physics$        |
| **Religious education**                                               | $bursaries_postgraduate_religiouseducation$  |                  |

Table caption: Available postgraduate bursaries and scholarships

## Other funding options

> If you're not eligible for a bursary or scholarship, here may be other funding options available, such as [tuition fees and maintenance loans](/funding-and-support/tuition-fees).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're not eligible for a bursary or scholarship, there may be other funding options available, such as [tuition fees and maintenance loans](/funding-and-support/tuition-fees).
```

If your course combines 2 subjects (for example, English and history), at least 50% of your course content must be made up of the bursary subject to be eligible.

> #### How they're paid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How bursaries are paid
```
Currently there are two identical h4s on the page which is not good for screen reader users

A bursary is paid over a minimum of 10 months by your teacher training provider. They will confirm when you will get the payments. 

You will not need to pay tax or National Insurance on bursary payments. 

> #### How to get one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How to get a bursary
```
Should be more explicit here for screen reader users?

> You do not need to apply for a bursary. When you apply for teacher training, your course provider will check if you're eligible for a bursary. If you are, your teacher training provider will confirm this in writing before you start your course. 

Reviewer: we say `course provider` and `teacher training provider` in the same para here which is a bit confusing. We should say whichever is our usual style the first time and then just `provider` the second time?

## Scholarships

> Scholarships are provided by charitable organisations. They offer more than just financial benefits. For example, you can get mentoring, subject specialist events, or access to networking events. 

Reviewer: We have a list of benefits in production - I think this is worth including as we want people to apply!

> #### Eligibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Eligibility for a scholarship
```
Currently there are two identical h4s on the page which is not good for screen reader users

* a master’s degree
* a PhD

> If you achieved a 2:2 in your degree you may get a scholarship if you have enough relevant experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you achieved a 2:2 in your degree you may get a scholarship if you have enough relevant experience.
```
not sure if `get` is the right word here, given that you have to apply for it? we currently say `be awarded`

Scholarship providers set their own:

* eligibility requirements 
* application deadlines

> #### How they're paid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How scholarships are paid
```
Currently there are two identical h4s on the page which is not good for screen reader users

A scholarship is paid over a minimum of 10 months by your teacher training provider. They will confirm when you will get the payments. 

You will not need to pay tax or National Insurance on scholarship payments. 

> #### How to apply

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How to apply for a scholarship
```
Should be more explicit here for screen reader users?

You need to apply directly to the scholarship provider via their website. They will confirm if you meet their eligibility requirements. 

> If you get a scholarship, you need to tell your teacher training provider.   

Reviewer: I don't think this is in quite the right place - the list should come straight after the para starting `You need to apply directly`....?

Does the `If you get a scholarship...` sentence need a new h4? And perhaps more detail as to **why** they need to tell their provider?

Reviewer 2: Will find out if we can get more about the 'why'. For now, not sure if an H4 is needed as there would only be one small line of content underneath it

* [the Royal Society of Chemistry](https://www.rsc.org/prizes-funding/funding/find-funding/teacher-training-scholarships/) (chemistry)
* [BCS The Chartered Institute for IT](https://www.bcs.org/get-qualified/certification-and-scholarships-for-teachers/bcs-computer-teacher-scholarships/) (computing)
* [British Council](https://www.britishcouncil.org/education/he-science/opportunities/ltts) (languages -- French, German and Spanish only)
* [the Institute of Mathematics and its Applications, and partners](https://teachingmathsscholars.org/home) (maths)
* [the Institute of Physics](https://www.iop.org/about/support-grants/iop-teacher-training-scholarships#gref) (physics)

> ## Compare bursaries and scholarships

Reviewer: I'm not sure `Compare` is the right word here - there are far fewer scholarships on offer?

| **English**                                                           | $bursaries_postgraduate_english$  |                  |
| **Geography**                                                         | $bursaries_postgraduate_geography$  |                  |
| **Languages**<br/> (French, German and Spanish only)                  | $bursaries_postgraduate_languagesfrenchgermanspanish$  | $scholarships_languagesfrenchgermanspanish$      |
| **Languages**<br/> (all other languages, including ancient languages) | $bursaries_postgraduate_languagesother$  |                  |
| **Maths**                                                             | $bursaries_postgraduate_maths$  | $scholarships_maths$         |
| **Music**                                                             | $bursaries_postgraduate_music$  |                  |
| **Physics**                                                           | $bursaries_postgraduate_physics$  | $scholarships_physics$        |
| **Religious education**                                               | $bursaries_postgraduate_religiouseducation$  |                  |

Table caption: Available postgraduate bursaries and scholarships

> ## If you think you're not eligible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## If you're not eligible for a bursary or scholarship
```
Not sure `think` is needed here?

Also - should make the heading clearer for screen reader users

If you're not eligible for a bursary or scholarship, there are other funding options. 

You can:

* find out more about [tuition fees and maintenance loans](/funding-and-support/tuition-fees)

> * talk to a [teacher training adviser](/help-and-support)

Reviewer: I think these two bullets are not really equivalent - it sounds like TTAs are a funding option?

I think the wording of the TTA bullet needs changing to make it clear they can give **advice** and possibly that the bullets need removing altogether and just replaced by normal sentences?
